This paper performs a tightly structured benchmark evaluation for the processing of large image-based time-series payloads using PostgreSQL (with TimescaleDB) and MongoDB. The paper is well-written, and one of its main merits is the clear description of the research gap addressed by means of the test performed on multi-megabyte payload sizes rather than scalar values used in other benchmarks, e.g., TSBS. In addition, the discussion in the paper focuses not only on the metrics reported but also includes an extensive explanation of root causes behind the crossovers in performance, explaining why MongoDB uses inlining in BSON data structures combined with WiredTiger cache evictions while PostgreSQL employs TOAST out-of-line operations.
I will give some comments for authors for improving their work:
In order to improve the manuscript before its publication, there are certain aspects to address. In particular, it needs to be noted that the methodology section describes in detail the type of CPU, amount of RAM, and operating system used. However, important specifications of the storage (such as whether an NVMe SSD, SATA SSD, or HDD is used) is missing because the topic focuses heavily on such concepts as storage amplification, cache eviction flushing, and I/O bottleneck. Another aspect that may need improvement is related to discussing other aspects in relation to using a certain batch size (of 50 records). It would make sense to add more information about how changing the batch size affects the point where 1440p-4K crossover happens. In addition, the authors need to pay more attention to consistent formatting: "0.1 times" and "3 times" have to match the format used elsewhere in the paper ("0.10x" and "3.00x"). Finally, even though resolutions of 360p, 480p, and 720p were tested but left out due to brevity, including these numbers in the table may help reinforce the main point made by the paper.

This paper presents a performance comparison of throughput, retrieval latency, and storage amplification between PostgreSQL (with TimescaleDB) and MongoDB across various image resolutions.
It would be great to add more references from conference or journal papers that address performance metrics to further strengthen this research. Moreover, I recommend including the Total Raw Data Size (Logical Size) as a baseline. This would provide a clearer comparison of Storage Amplification. For instance, with a 1920×1080 payload (~1.09 MB), what was the total raw data size for the 2,000-row test case? Lastly, to avoid confusion for the reader, it would be better to use the same unit of measurement across the paper. It is currently difficult to cross-reference the 0.XX s with the XXX ms values shown in the charts.